feat(format): add `--format-always` flag (#162)
daixiang0/gci: README.md

                          blank - blank section, contains all blank imports.
      --skip-generated    Skip generated files
      --custom-order      Enable custom order of sections. If specified, make the section order the same as your configuration order. The default order is standard > default > custom > blank > dot.

>       --format-always     Format the file even if no imports are defined. By default, formatting doesn't run when there are <= 1 imports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --format-always     Format the file even if no import blocks. The default value is false.
```

                          blank - blank section, contains all blank imports.
      --skip-generated    Skip generated files
      --custom-order      Enable custom order of sections. If specified, make the section order the same as your configuration order. The default order is standard > default > custom > blank > dot.

>       --format-always     Format the file even if no imports blocks are defined. The default value is false.

Reviewer: Please update all help info, like `gci write`, `gci diff`.

Reviewer: miss update in `gci write`
